Support custom network plugins (#71)
appuio/component-openshift4-monitoring: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/parameters.adoc

== `upstreamRules.networkPlugin`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: `openshift-sdn`

Choose either `openshift-sdn` or `ovn-kubernetes` depending on the installed network plugin.

> If a custom network plugin is used, any other string set as value, will exclude the monitoring rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a custom network plugin is used, set any other string as the value for this parameter.
This ensures neither openshift-sdn nor OVNKubernetes monitoring rules are deployed.
```
